Feature(#423): Addition of Challenge 31 (third documentation challenge) (#757)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge31_reason.adoc

> There are several reasons why hiding secrets in a Web-Page is not a good idea:
> 
> 1. Websites are often accessible to a **variety of parties**, including employees, contractors and vendors. Keeping secrets on a website increases the risk that unauthorized parties will gain access to them..
> 2. Websites are **often updated or changed over time** and tracking changes can be challenging. Secrets stored on a website can be hard to manage and update.
> 3. Websites can be **vulnerable to attacks** that could let attackers access sensitive information. A hacked website could compromise secrets stored on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several reasons why "hiding" secrets on a web page is not a good idea, even if it is only for internal use:

1. Websites are often accessible to a **variety of parties**, including employees, contractors and vendors. Keeping secrets on a website increases the risk that unauthorized parties will gain access to them.
2. Websites are **often updated or changed over time**, and tracking changes can be challenging. Secrets stored on a website can be hard to manage and update.
3. Websites can be **vulnerable to attacks** that could let attackers access sensitive information. A hacked website could compromise the secrets stored on it.
```
